README.md, before:

####The ChallengeDevelop a very simple working application on your chosen platform (Android / iOS / Web) with the following functionality:1. Read the following JSON feed containing a list of qualifications (a sample is presented below for your reference): https://api.gojimo.net/api/v4/qualifications2. Display a list of qualifications based on the data provided by the feed.3. Allow users to click a qualification to be presented with a list of subjects for that qualification.
```{id: "d45945e4-b724-48ab-9f99-21e61f1648ad",name: "11+ Common Entrance",subjects: [{id: "ef319206-aa64-41f5-ac67-17a4fb8d10f6",title: "English",link: "/api/v4/subjects/ef319206-aa64-41f5-ac67-17a4fb8d10f6", colour: "#ECF7E2"}],default_products: [ ],created_at: "2014-04-12T10:06:33.000Z",updated_at: "2014-04-12T10:06:33.000Z",link: "/api/v4/qualifications/d45945e4-b724-48ab-9f99-21e61f1648ad" 
}
```####BONUS POINTSWhilst not essential, we will be very pleased to see you take the challenge further by:
1. Using the data provided to its full potential by taking advantage of fields like colour for subjects.2. Making the GUI as appealing and responsive as possible.3. Storingthedatalocallyandrefreshfromtheserverasrequested,takingadvantageofthe HTTP headers to avoid downloads of non-stale data.4. Unit testing your code.

Commit message:

Message to Seyed Razavi in the Readme file

README.md, after:

Hi Seyed,Sorry for dont finished the test code but I had a really buzzy week doing other test code that I sent you too.My idea is try to finish this today or tomorrow morning, because I dont have more time, I have others projects.For the moment Its done all the import data from your API.this is my email emacipbelmonte@gmail.comPlease send me an emailThanks!!####The ChallengeDevelop a very simple working application on your chosen platform (Android / iOS / Web) with the following functionality:1. Read the following JSON feed containing a list of qualifications (a sample is presented below for your reference): https://api.gojimo.net/api/v4/qualifications2. Display a list of qualifications based on the data provided by the feed.3. Allow users to click a qualification to be presented with a list of subjects for that qualification.```{id: "d45945e4-b724-48ab-9f99-21e61f1648ad",name: "11+ Common Entrance",subjects: [{id: "ef319206-aa64-41f5-ac67-17a4fb8d10f6",title: "English",link: "/api/v4/subjects/ef319206-aa64-41f5-ac67-17a4fb8d10f6", colour: "#ECF7E2"}],default_products: [ ],created_at: "2014-04-12T10:06:33.000Z",updated_at: "2014-04-12T10:06:33.000Z",link: "/api/v4/qualifications/d45945e4-b724-48ab-9f99-21e61f1648ad" }```####BONUS POINTSWhilst not essential, we will be very pleased to see you take the challenge further by:1. Using the data provided to its full potential by taking advantage of fields like colour for subjects.2. Making the GUI as appealing and responsive as possible.3. Storingthedatalocallyandrefreshfromtheserverasrequested,takingadvantageofthe HTTP headers to avoid downloads of non-stale data.4. Unit testing your code.
